### An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com

    1. What is node.js?
        -Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.
        -Node.js® is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O runtime that uses Google’s V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library.
    2. In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
        -is the open-source JavaScript engine that runs in Google Chrome and other Chromium-based web browsers, including Brave, Opera, and Vivaldi.
        -In other words its a free open-source JavaScript engine that runs in chrome. 
    3. What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
        -Node.js is a program we can use to execute JavaScript on our computers. In other words, it’s a JavaScript runtime.
    4. What is npm? 
        -Node Package Manager
        -Largest Software Registry
    5. What version of node are you running on your machine?
        v18.3.0
    6. What version of npm are you running on your machine?
        8.12.1
    7. What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
        -npm install -g jshint
    8. What is node used for?

### 6 Reasons for Pair Programming

    1. What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
        1. Greater efficiency
        2. Engaged collaboration
        3. Learning from fellow students
        4. Social Skills
        5. Job interview readiness
        6. Work environment readiness
    2. In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
        -Greater efficiency // Learning from fellow students 
    3. How does pair programming work?
        - There is a **Driver** and **Navigator**;
        Drivers Role: programmer who is typing and the only one whose hands are on the keyboard. 
        Navigators Role: thinks about the big picture, what comes next, how an algorithm might be converted in to code, while scanning for typos or bugs.

### Bookmark and Review

    [Geocoding API Docs](https://locationiq.com/)
    [Axios docs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
    [MDN async and await](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Asynchronous/Async_await)
