# Status Codes Based On REST Methods

1. In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

100’s = Informational status codes, inform the client about the request is doing... e.g. the header request has been recieved... 
200’s = Success codes, request was accepted.
300’s = Redirection codes, status to show that the original file path doesn't exist or has changed. 
400’s = Error status codes, invalid requests to a client server etc, wrong uri, missing auth, incorect input etc. 
500’s = Server Error status codes, indicate problems with server overload, overwhelmed servers, or unreachable servers. 

2. What is a status code 202? asynchronous processing of a request (202) - request met all validation requirements at the time of sending
3. What is a status code 308? - This tells the client to use another URL to access the resource and not use the current URL anymore. 
4. What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client? - Update (204) - No Content
5. What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does? - Delete (204) - No Content
6. What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code? Forbidden (403) - The client has authorized or doesn’t need to authorize itself, but still has no permissions to access the resource.

# Videos

Build A REST API With Node.js, Express, & MongoDB - Quick - First 20 minutes

1. Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?
    - npm init
    - npm i express mongoose
    - npm i --save-dev dotenv nodemon
        - Create "devStart": "nodemon server.js in package.json -- nodemon*
    - .env
    - .
2. What is middleware?
3. What does app.use(express.json()) do?
4. What does the /:id mean in a route?
5. What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?
6. How do you make a default value in a schema?
7. What does a 500 error status code mean?
8. What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?
