### What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team

### How I explained REST to my brother

1. Who is Roy Fielding?
    - Helped write the first web servers, that sent documents across the internet… and then he did a ton of research explaining why the web works the way it does. His name is on the specification for the protocol that is used to get pages from servers to your browser.
2. Why don’t the techniques that we use today work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?
    - The web was developed to only talk to a small group of machines, It wasn't designed to talk to every machine around the world. 
3. What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
    - URL
4. What does a GET do? noun is an image, text, video, an mp3, a slideshow, whatever. I can GET all of those things the same way given a URL.
5. What does a POST do? Add something to another system.
6. What does PUT do? Replace something in another system
7. What does PATCH do? partial update

### API Keys
Request a personal API key from the following APIs. You should receive these in your email within a few hours, often within minutes. Please request these keys prior to lecture to allow adequate time because you will need them in order to complete your lab assignment. Note: do not post your API keys in the Canvas discussion or on GitHub. Save them in a secure place.

Geocoding API 
Did you get your API key?
    -pk.9850c7adaf4d0ab987269443e3f9d8f4

Weather Bit API
Did you get your API key?
    -
Yelp API Docs
Did you get your API key?
    -
    
The Movie DB API Docs
Did you get your API key?
    -